DOC-2053: Added TINY-9893 to the release notes. (#2770)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} now presents end-users with uniform merge tag highlighting across all supported browsers.

> === Insert merge tag button and menu item was not disabled when selection was inside a non-editable context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== *Insert → Merge tag* menu item, and equivalent toolbar button was not disabled when selection was inside an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set
```
1. spelling out element with a contenteditable="false" attribute in full for correctness’s sake.
2. copy edits to UX and UI item spelling and presentation to exactly match presentation in the editor.

//#TINY-9893

> In previous versions of {productname}, the insert merge tag button and menu item remained active when the user's selection was inside a `contenteditable="false"` context.
> 
> As a consequence the mergetags button and menu item would appear enabled, but clicking on them had no effect.
> 
> A fix was implemented in {productname} 6.5 that now checks if the users content selection is within a `contenteditable="false"` context. If it is, the button and menu item will now be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, the *Insert → Merge tag* menu item, and equivalent toolbar button remained active when the user’s selection or insertion point was inside an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.

As a consequence the *Merge tags* toolbar button and menu item appeared enabled, but clicking on them had no effect.

A fix was implemented in {productname} 6.5. {productname} now checks if the user’s current selection is within an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set. If it is, the *Merge tags* toolbar button and menu item are disabled, as expected.
```

1. spelling out _element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute_ in full for correctness’s sake.
2. copy edits to UX and UI item spelling and presentation to exactly match presentation in the editor.
3. Other suggested edits.
